content/_index.md, before:

---
title: '2024 IEEE SciVis Contest'
date: 2023-10-11T17:32:39+10:00
---

Sonar Imaging for Hydrothermal Systems

{{< rawhtml >}}
<img style="width:40%" src="Logo_other color gradient.png" />
{{< /rawhtml >}}

Welcome to the *2024 IEEE SciVis Contest* website.
This contest is held annually as part of the [IEEE VIS Conference.](http://ieeevis.org)  
In 2024, the conference and this contest will be held in Tampa Bay, Florida, USA, and will focus on the visualization of  
 ***Sonar Imaging for Hydrothermal Systems***.

On this website, you can find information on the provided [data,](/data) the visualization [tasks,](/tasks) as well as the [submission process.](/submission)  
If there still are questions, feel free to contact the [contest chairs](mailto:scivis_contest@ieeevis.org) or join the [Google Group.](https://groups.google.com/g/scivis2024).


###### Watch a video from IEEE VIS 2024 presenting the data and tasks:


{{< rawhtml >}}
<div class="video-container">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tNdurbOHuLM?si=Hol3IAN9fREPLxT4" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

###### Contact
Chair: Tim Gerrits, RWTH Aachen University, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:gerrits@vis.rwth-aachen.de)  
Co-Chair: Karen Bemis, Department of Marine and Coastal Sciences, Rutgers University, USA - [contact via email](mailto:bemis@marine.rutgers.edu)

Commit message:

Changed Deadline and submission image

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: '2024 IEEE SciVis Contest'
date: 2023-10-11T17:32:39+10:00
---

Sonar Imaging for Hydrothermal Systems

{{< rawhtml >}}
<img style="width:40%" src="Logo_other color gradient.png" />
{{< /rawhtml >}}

Welcome to the *2024 IEEE SciVis Contest* website.
This contest is held annually as part of the [IEEE VIS Conference.](http://ieeevis.org)  
In 2024, the conference and this contest will be held in Tampa Bay, Florida, USA, and will focus on the visualization of  
 ***Sonar Imaging for Hydrothermal Systems***.

On this website, you can find information on the provided [data,](/data) the visualization [tasks,](/tasks) as well as the [submission process.](/submission)  
If there still are questions, feel free to contact the [contest chairs](mailto:scivis_contest@ieeevis.org) or join the [Google Group.](https://groups.google.com/g/scivis2024).

**The deadline has been extended to August 7th, 2024**.


###### Watch a video from IEEE VIS 2024 presenting the data and tasks:


{{< rawhtml >}}
<div class="video-container">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tNdurbOHuLM?si=Hol3IAN9fREPLxT4" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

###### Contact
Chair: Tim Gerrits, RWTH Aachen University, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:gerrits@vis.rwth-aachen.de)  
Co-Chair: Karen Bemis, Department of Marine and Coastal Sciences, Rutgers University, USA - [contact via email](mailto:bemis@marine.rutgers.edu)
